previous generations of our adventure
photo backpacks by adding the ability to
carry up to a 15.4 widescreen laptop and
a dedicated weather-resistant
compartment the cake reels design has
two individual compartments the top
section for day here and the bottom
compartment for an SLR camera system the
zippers are of an inverted design to
that extra protection against Dustin
gargoyle zipper for the laptop
compartment is also water through the
adventure k3l is constructed from water
repellent 16 80 denier nylon
included
the bright ones line
putting an identification even in 41
camera compartment is a DSLR such as the
night
flash three additional lenses and a
suitable media device Gabriel's camera
compartment includes
small black dividers which can be used
to protect small lenses and stack
complication
the divider between the upper day gear
area and the lower camera compartment is
removable as are the dividers in the
camera compartment to convert the
interior of the k3l into a single large
area for general purpose use the space
under the camera support provider's can
be utilized for
tripod 15.4 widescreen laptop a bottle
of water at the end on the waist belt
and numerous accessories
side pockets
k friel features a slot for headphones
so that you can safely store you I
mp3 player inside the bag still
the adventure k3l also features a
built-in tripod carrying system the
center mount design provides better
weight distribution inside mount system
the adventure k3l features a built-in
tripod carrying system that zips away
knocking use the cape 3 l's air flow
suspension system creates a channel for
air to circulate between the wearer's
back
keeping the user cool
a shock absorber to increase carrying
comfort over rough terrain and with
heavy loads whether your travels take
you could be humid southeast blazing
deserts or the West for the concrete
jungles of New York The Nanny k3l is a
photo backpack that you can wear
comfortable all day long to find where
to purchase feel for more information
about me
please visit our website WWE com or call
L offices toll-free at eight six six two
five eight six four six nine